Today I'm going to be discussing a scandal that really says everything about Western hypocrisy and how many of the accusations that Western governments make about their official enemies, about countries like China, are not only lies, but they are fabrications that are made by criminals, by crooks who portray themselves in the west as brave dissidents, but meanwhile they're actually stealing money from, from their gullible supporters.

We saw the perfect example of this with the US Based Chinese billionaire Miles Guo, who has been sentenced to 30 years in prison by a U.S. court.

And Bloomberg noted that this billionaire promoted himself as a crusader against the Communist government in Beijing, but in reality he was stealing money intended for so called pro democracy causes and he was charged with fraud of nearly $1 billion.

And this is not some random fringe character.

This US based Chinese billionaire was working very closely with allies of Donald Trump, especially Steve Bannon, who was the CEO of Trump's presidential campaign in 2016.

And he served as Trump's chief strategist during Trump's first term.

And this corrupt right wing Chinese billionaire was working very closely with Steve Bannon and Bannon was using his private jet and his yacht which were bought with stolen money.

Now let's not forget that back during Trump's first term in 2018, Bannon said very clearly that, quote, we're at war with China, end quote.

He proudly stated that the US Was waging a war against China and Bannon was working closely with some of these corrupt Chinese oligarchs who were living in the West.

In fact, Bannon and Miles Guo launched what they called the new federal state of China.

They claimed to create an entirely new government and claim to be the new legitimate authorities of China, even though they were based in the United States and their so called new government was based only on the Internet.

But they had a few crazy supporters in the US and Canada and some European countries who would go out and protest and claim to be citizens of the so called new federal state of China.

Here I'm looking at the archived version of the website that they created.

The website is now down, but in the Wayback Machine in the archive you can see what it was originally and it has a big photo of Miles Guo who said our mission is to take down the Chinese Communist Party.

And he wrote that our great nation crumbles under communism.

But what's really weird about it is they have a Statue of Liberty with a hammer and sickle covering her eyes like a blindfold and it says, join the movement, Save America.

So the main target of this organization was not actually Chinese people.

It was right wing Americans, Trump supporters.

And what's especially funny is this website was obviously not put together very well.

They were very sloppy because there's a part of the website where they say, we are the number one enemy of the CCP.

But then above it it says number 21.

We are the number 21 enemy.

I mean, this is what we're dealing with here.

But it is funny to laugh at how absurd all of this is.

But this billionaire, Miles Guo, stole up to $1 billion from his own supporters.

And he was working very closely with allies of Donald Trump in order to fund a massive right wing propaganda machine.

Not only spreading propaganda against China and also left wing governments around the world, but also spreading right wing propaganda in support of Trump and other right wing governments in the West.

In fact, in 2020, Steve Bannon was also arrested and accused of carrying out a massive campaign of fraud.

Accused of stealing money from his own political supporters.

And when Bannon was arrested, he was smoking cigars on the yacht owned by this corrupt Chinese billionaire, Miles Guo.

So I mean, all of these right wing political operatives are extremely corrupt and they're all fleecing their own supporters who naively believe this stuff and give them money.

And this is why this decision by the U.S. department of justice is especially significant, because this is a major ally of right wing forces in the US And Trump.

And yet Trump's DOJ took action against him.

And why is that?

It's because many Americans became victims, including Trump supporters became victims of this massive fraud carried out by this right wing Chinese billionaire living in the us.

So I'm going to read a few sentences here from the press release that was published by the DOJ announcing the sentencing of this corrupt Chinese billionaire.

It noted that he had many names.

He was known as Miles Guo.

Also Ho Wan Quok Guo Wangui Brother seven, the Principal, AKA Boss.

Now these are like mafia style names, which that itself already says a lot about who this guy was.

He was sentenced by a US district judge to 30 years in prison for racketeering conspiracy, conspiracy to commit wire fraud, securities fraud and money laundering, among other charges.

For leading an expansive and complex scheme to solicit more than $1 billion of investment in in various entities and programs through false statements and misrepresentations to thousands of Guo's online followers.

The US Government's attorney said, quote, miles Guo led a massive scheme to steal more than $1 billion through lies and deception from thousands of Americans and victims around the world.

End quote.

And that's really why he was prosecuted, because.

Because when he was carrying out these crimes in China, the US Supported him.

But when thousands of Americans and Trump supporters became victims of his fraud, that's when the US Government got angry and took action.

Because the reality of the scandal is that we have known for a decade that this Chinese billionaire living in the US was extremely corrupt.

In 2017, the Chinese government issued an Interpol Red Notice with the International Police Organization calling for the arrest of this US based Chinese billionaire.

The Chinese government had said for many years that he stole tens of millions of dollars from people in China.

In fact, even a hedge fund sued this right wing Chinese billionaire in a US court alleging that he stole $88 billion from clients.

So it's not just average people that he was fleecing, it's actually rich people who have enough money to be clients of hedge funds.

And yet he fled to the US and he rebranded himself as a supposed dissident and a whistleblower who was supposedly exposing corruption in China.

By the way, even the Bloomberg News report on the sentencing of this criminal is a bit misleading.

It refers to him as an exiled Chinese tycoon.

He was not living in exile in scare quotes.

He was not a dissident.

He was a fugitive from justice.

He fled China because the Chinese government was going to imprison him for stealing millions of dollars and and he rebranded himself as a brave truth telling dissident and was living in luxury in the U.S. this billionaire criminal even officially applied for asylum in the US as if he were fleeing a war or something.

He claimed that he was a political refugee and needed asylum over supposed political persecution.

And for years the Western corporate media heaped praise on this criminal, portraying him as a brave truth teller who was exposing corruption in China.

CNBC published an article in 2017 titled Exiled Chinese Billionaire Blasts Kleptocracy Running China Warns of Spy Infiltration in US as his home country seeks his arrest.

The New York Times praised this criminal as the billionaire gadfly in exile who stared down Beijing.

By the way, all these articles came out around a similar time in 2017 during Trump's first term, because this was a major ally of Trump and he was being praised by the US Media.

The New York Times pointed out that this billionaire was living in a $68 million luxury apartment overlooking Central park in Manhattan.

The Economist also published a fawning profile of this criminal in 2017 titled a Chinese Tycoon's Allegations Are Stinging the Communist Party.

And this article praised him for supposedly exposing corruption and portrayed him as a hero.

And it wasn't just mainstream media outlets, but even supposed independent media outlets that were also spreading this propaganda.

One of the most outrageous propaganda pieces was done by Vice News, the hipster imperialists.

And they published a YouTube video that went viral titled this exiled Chinese billionaire uses YouTube to wage a war on corruption.

I mean, the jokes write themselves.

This corrupt criminal who was stealing up to a billion dollars was portrayed as someone fighting corruption.

In this report, Vice News identified this criminal, Guo Wanghui, as a dissident.

That was the term they used.

And they even did a tour of his luxury apartment that cost nearly $70 million, reminiscent of that show MTV Cribs.

They showed photos of him with his luxury cars, not mentioning that that money that he used to buy these luxury cars and apartments was stolen money.

And they showed a clip of a press conference from China's Foreign Ministry who said very clearly that Guo Wengui was a suspect wanted by Interpol and, and there was a red alert arrest notice out for him.

And Vice News portrayed this as a supposed act of political persecution by what they called the Chinese regime.

Some of the most ridiculous propaganda was published in Voice of America, VOA, which is a US government propaganda organ.

And in 2017, VOA did another fawning interview with Miles Guo, portraying him as a brave hero.

And it said the Chinese Foreign Ministry said the international criminal police organization Interpol issued a red notice for the arrest of billionaire Guo Wengui, an outspoken critic of corruption within the Communist Party, but gave no details of his alleged crimes.

That's what this US propaganda organ said.

There were no details of his alleged crimes.

They're just alleged.

They're not real.

This US propaganda insists.

It also quoted a former CIA senior analyst focused on China, Christopher Johnson, who said there is no public record of him being charged with a crime.

So this propaganda organ quotes a former CIA analyst whose job was to spread anti China propaganda disinformation to say, oh, this billionaire is actually.

He is a dissident who's being prosecuted supposedly for.

Because of his political views.

He's not actually corrupt.

That's what all US corporate media outlets were saying roughly a decade ago.

And now the U.S. dOJ has sentenced this criminal to 30 years in prison for stealing up to $1 billion.

I mean, again, this is the perfect example of Western hypocrisy.

And I need to emphasize that this is not an isolated case.

This is just the tip of the iceberg.

This is barely scratching the surface.

There are so many examples of these Western backed so called dissidents.

Who are from countries like China and Venezuela and Iran and Cuba.

And they're portrayed as brave, truth telling dissidents.

But so many of them are corrupt criminals, crooks, grifters who are simply trying to make money because in many cases they are fleeing because they committed crimes in their home countries or they simply want to become famous and make lots of money.

Do you remember during Trump's first term in 2019, the US government declared that it recognized the puppet Juan Guaido as the supposed interim president of Venezuela despite the fact that he never participated in a presidential election.

A small handful of people in Venezuela had ever heard of his name.

He was little known, but he was a right wing US puppet and the US government recognized him as the so called president.

And the US and other European countries stole billions of dollars of Venezuelan assets that were located abroad and gave it to this criminal because by the way, he was also extremely corrupt.

Will it shock you to learn that his own supporters and allies exposed the fact that Juan Guaido and other right wing coup plotters from Venezuela who, who are living in luxury in Miami or in Colombia or in Panama, they used this money, they stole millions and millions of dollars to live their luxurious lifestyles.

They spent this money on expensive apartments and clothes and watches and fast cars and they went to these expensive bars.

I mean, these are the kinds of corrupt criminals that the US Government so often backs.

And in these countries like China and Venezuela and Cuba, because these are the people who are willing to sell out their country to US corporations for money.

The same thing happened with another major leader of the right wing opposition in Venezuela, Leopoldo Lopez, who's from one of the richest families in the country.

He's an oligarch and his own supporters in right wing media outlets in Latin America like Panam Post, which is a libertarian right wing newspaper from Panama, they exposed how he was living a corrupt life of luxury in Spain and how he claimed to be this brave truth teller who was supposedly leading the political opposition in Venezuela.

In reality, he was the scion of a rich oligarch family that lost its power and privileges with the rise of the Bolivarian Revolution and Hugo Chavez and, and ever since he has lived this life of luxury and he's trying to overthrow the government so he and his corrupt friends can all be in power again.

This is exactly what happened in Cuba before the revolution in 1959.

In the 1950s, Cuba was governed by a right wing dictator who was a US puppet named Fulgencio Batista, who worked very closely with the US Mafia.

Because US Mafia lords like Mayor Lansky, who's in this photo here with the US backed Cuban dictator Batista, these Mafia lords paid the Cuban dictator millions of dollars to run casinos and all these criminal rings with absolutely no government regulation.

And the US government supported this because this dictator was a US puppet who obediently serve the interests of US corporations.

In fact, when US President Roosevelt was asked about Washington's support for the corrupt right wing dictator of Nicaragua, Anastasio Somoza, Roosevelt famously said, yes, he may be a B word, but he's our B word.

That perfectly describes U.S. foreign policy.

Washington says, yeah, that person may be a dictator, he may be a criminal, he may be a trafficker who's working with the mafia and all of that, but he is our puppet.

So we're going to allow it because it serves the interests of US corporations.

This is literally what's happening today in Ecuador.

The Ecuadorian dictator is a US citizen and right wing Trump ally named Daniel Loboa, who is the son of the richest billionaire in the country.

And everyone knows that his family is involved in trafficking tons of narcotics all around the world.

And yet the US government continues to support him because he's a right wing US puppet.

He may be a narco dictator, but he's the US Empire's obedient narco dictator.

So in the last few minutes here I've been talking a lot about US government support for corrupt dictators.

But I also want to talk a bit more about this grift of so called dissidents who are beloved in the West.

And this goes back to the first Cold War and anti Soviet dissidents who were praised in the us.

But I want to talk more about so called dissidents from China because back during the George W. Bush administration in the 2000s, there was tons of fawning Western media coverage praising a so called Chinese dissident named Liu Xiaobo.

And what these Western media outlets never mentioned is the horrific ideology of this US backed so called Chinese dissident.

The only article I ever found in the Western media that discussed what his actual beliefs were was published by two great scholars, Barry Southman and Yan Hairon, who are great scholars who have exposed some of the Western propaganda targeting China.

And they pointed out that this so called Chinese dissident, Liu Xiaobo, who won the so called Nobel Peace Prize, was actually extremely pro war.

He openly supported the illegal US invasion of Iraq and the war in Afghanistan.

He also applauded the US wars in Vietnam and Korea that literally killed millions of People, millions of people.

The winner of the so called Nobel Peace Prize supported these extremely bloody criminal wars.

He praised George W. Bush for his war against Iraq.

He loved Israel and hated the Palestinians and spread all of these racist orientalist tropes about the Palestinians.

And he called for Western colonization of China.

He said, quote, to choose Westernization is to choose to be human, end quote.

He praised the British Empire's colonization of Hong Kong and said given the size of China, it would need 300 years of colonization.

And then he added, I even doubt whether 300 years would be enough.

Furthermore, he called for mass privatization, neoliberal shock therapy, to privatize all state owned enterprises and farmland in China.

And this is why he was funded by the U.S. government, by the CIA, cutout, the National Endowment for Democracy, the NED.

This is the guy who won the so called Nobel Peace Prize.

But in this article, the author, Sotman and Yan pointed out that this is not just a pattern we see with China.

We see the same pattern with so many so called dissidents who are praised by the west who come from socialist countries especially.

So back during the first Cold War, the US government praised the right wing literal supporter of Fascism, Alexander Solzhenitsyn, as a brave Soviet dissident.

He was the author of the Gulag Archipelago and the west.

Conveniently left out the fact that he was a literal fascist who supported the fascist dictator of Spain, Francisco Franco, who was an ally of Germany during World War II.

Moreover, Solzhenitsyn strongly supported the US war against Vietnam.

He supported many right wing dictators all across the global south.

And he argued the US should have been even more aggressive in the war of aggression against Vietnam, even though the US killed 3 million Vietnamese.

This is why the famous French left wing philosopher, Jean Paul Sartre famously rejected the Nobel Prize for Literature that he was awarded in 1964.

And Sartre famously said that the Nobel Prize stands objectively as a distinction reserved for the writers of the west or the rebels of the east, end quote.

And we see this pattern again and again and again in the west where Western governments praise these so called dissidents from countries they don't like.

And these dissidents very often spread rumors and blatant lies that are later shown to be completely false.

Another textbook example of this is, is the so called dissident from North Korea known officially as the DPRK, Yun Mi Park.

And back in the 2010s, Western media outlets like Time Magazine praised Yun Mi park as a brave dissident who endured North Korea's emotional dictatorship.

And supposedly they all claimed that she fled North Korea because she was starving to death and had no options.

The British newspaper, the Guardian praised Yeon Mi park as the woman who faces the wrath of North Korea.

And it said the North Korean regime is determined to discredit her and other defectors.

Park did TED talks that went viral on YouTube.

And she was praised by the TED Organization as a human rights activist who was a leading voice of oppressed people around the world.

And almost all of these Western corporate media outlets simply regurgitated all of the unverified claims that Yeonmi park made without a shred of skepticism.

The only article I ever saw in the Western media back in the 2010s that actually called into question the extremely contradictory claims that Yeonmi park made was an article published in the Diplomat and a very small media outlet by the journalist Marianne Jolie.

And she pointed out that Yeonmi Park's story of leaving North Korea was full of holes, tons of contradictions, blatant lies that were later shown to be lies.

And almost no one mentioned the fact that the South Korean government, which has been militarily occupied by the US since the 1950s, there are tens of thousands of US troops still stationed.

There were the South Korean government, which still is basically at war with North Korea.

There was never an official peace, an official end of the war.

There was only a ceasefire.

The South Korean government pays defectors From North Korea US$860,000, the equivalent of that much money, nearly a million dollars to leave North Korea and to flee to the South.

So obviously there is a massive financial incentive.

You can basically become a millionaire by betraying your country, going to the south, and just making up all kinds of rumors, and telling the South Korean government and other Western governments what they want to hear.

But many times what ends up happening is that the so called dissidents and defectors from official enemies of the west, they end up being exposed for just making up a bunch of lies in order to become famous and make money.

And this is exactly what happened with this grifter, Yeonmi Park.

And this all became public knowledge when she did a crazy interview with another grifter, Joe Rogan, who has one of the most popular podcasts in the world.

And in this interview, Yeonmi park just made up a.

A bunch of insane lies.

They were just laughably absurd.

Anyone watching the interview could tell it was all just completely fabricated.

She made up a lot of the lies on the spot, and they were so absurd that she literally became a Meme.

I mean, you can go to the Know youw Meme website and they have an entire page now about this North Korean dissident, Yeon Mi Park.

So you've probably seen this meme.

But.

But if you haven't seen it, the way the meme works is people show a screen capture of Yeonmi Park's interview with Joe Rogan and then they just write something completely crazy.

Like in the US they do not let you ride bicycles.

If you were caught riding one, you are immediately executed by Ford F150.

And the reason that people made these jokes is because in this Joe Rogan interview, Park just says insane stuff.

Like in North Korea, there is no electricity, but they have trains, so people push the trains.

Well, I've been seeing that the bodies on the streets, like everyday thing, it was numb.

Where were the bodies?

Like just laying around on the streets.

So they are floating in the rivers.

And then they also train station somehow had a lot of dead bodies.

Because North Korea is very cold and there's a train waiting area.

And North Korea has one train to one distance like once a month.

And like here it would take like one hour to go.

The other place in Nor, you take a month at least to go because there's no electricity.

And sometimes people have to push the train.

They have to push the train?

Yeah, yeah.

Why would you even have trains?

Why would they push the trains?

Why wouldn't they walk or take a bike?

I mean, it's just so absurd, so nonsensical.

She also claimed that there's no food in North Korea, so people in North Korea are just eating each other all the time.

I mean, it is just so insanely stupid.

But it shows how these grifters from these countries like China and North Korea and Cuba, these countries that are the official enemies of the west and are sanctioned and targeted for regime change.

These grifters who have no problem selling out their country and in many cases they can become rich by moving to the US and, and becoming professional so called dissidents.

And in the case of Yeonmi park, the Western media had lavished praise upon her for many years.

But eventually Western, you know, centrist media outlets eventually turned against her because she has always been a grifter.

And she jumped on the Trump train because she knew it was a way to become even more famous and make lots of money, as so many grifters did, jumping on the MAGA bandwagon.

So, you know, centrist media outlets like the New York Times that support the Democrats, they eventually started to criticize her because they say that the North Korean dissident defected to the American right.

And then of course, you know, she got all this botched plastic surgery and just became like this weird Mar a Lago Maga Barbie doll, like so many victims with Trump face or Mar a Lago face.

So I mean, she just became a meme.

She became a human version of, of a meme.

But for me, the real lesson we should take from all of this is not about Trump and grifters and MAGA and all of that.

It's about the fact that Western governments and media outlets just simply regurgitate, without any skepticism the unsubstantiated claims made by pretty much all of these so called dissidents from China and North Korea and Iran and Syria and Venezuela and Cuba.

The list goes on and, and on because it's politically convenient.

But almost no one actually interrogates the obviously false claims made by some of these so called dissidents.

It's very rare to see this in the Western media because the reality is there's a cottage industry in the west and especially in the US of these right wing pro imperialist, pro war grifters who just go on the media and, and spread all kinds of blatant lies and disinformation about countries like China.

And basically you can just make up any nonsense about China and portray yourself as an expert and get invited on the US media and make money.

The classic textbook example of this is Gordon Chang who's a right wing American grifter and anti China activist.

That's his full time job is he's an anti China activist.

And Gordon Chung is constantly going on Fox News.

This is an interview he did in April 2025 where he said China is exhibiting end of regime conduct.

The expert warns that the Chinese government is on the verge of collapsing.

But Gordon Chong has been literally saying this for decades and he's been wrong again and again and again and again and again and again and again.

Yet he's still invited on the Western media as if he's a so called China expert.

In 2001, Gordon Chang published a famous book called the Coming Collapse of China.

This was a very popular best selling book at the time.

And in this book in 2001, Chung predicted the Chinese government would collapse by 2011.

And then 2011 came and went and the Chinese government did not collapse.

So on the 29th of December at the end of the year in 2011, Gordon Chang published an article in Foreign Policy magazine, which is a highly respected publication in The West.

And in this article he said, I admit it.

My prediction that the Communist Party would fall by 2011 was wrong.

Still, I'm only off by a year.

So he moved it back to 2012.

And Gordon Chong said confidently, just you wait, next year the Chinese government is going to collapse.

And he's been saying the same thing again and again and again and again every single year.

He's always wrong.

And yet he's always invited back in the Western media to spread lies and disinformation about China.

Another example is this April 2026, Gordon Chung was invited on Fox News to claim that people protesting against the US war of aggression against Iran and protesting in support of Palestine, that those protesters were being paid and supported by China with no evidence whatsoever.

This is the crazy conspiracy that this deranged lunatic is spreading constantly on Fox News.

He's constantly invited.

On this June 2026, Chung was invited on Fox News.

He's a regular, he's on constantly, like every week.

And he argued that China has been a party to the war that the US Is waging against Iran.

And this is why the US should be waging a war not only against Iran, but also against China.

Of course it goes without saying that he is a neoconservative pro war activist and he strongly supports Trump and Trump's war of aggression against Iran.

But it's not just Fox News that does this.

I mean, it's really easy to make fun of Fox News because Fox is just far right propaganda for Trump.

They don't even hide it.

They're just blatant state propaganda at this point.

So that's really low hanging fruit.

But even Forbes magazine, which is a highly respected US business publication, even Forbes magazine constantly invites on Gordon Chung.

They refer to him as a quote, US China relations expert, end quote.

Not mentioned that this expert has been wrong about everything for decades.

And they even mentioned the fact that he's the author of the new book Plan Red China's Project to Destroy America.

So Forbes is promoting this insane, deranged propaganda that sounds like a McCarthyite screed for from the 1950s.

Here we are in the 2000 and 20s and US business publications are supporting this insane propaganda portraying this debunked grifter Gordon Chiang as a supposed expert and listening to his analysis of Trump's visit to China.

I mean, these are the so called standards of the US media in its coverage of China.

They are non existent.

There are no standards.

You can make up any propaganda, any disinformation, any lies about China and as long as you're anti China, you will be taken seriously by the Western media.

If you say anything that can be construed as remotely positive about China, then they deem you as a CCP shill or a puppet of the CCP or a Panda hugger, claiming that you're China maxing or any of that propaganda nonsense.

If you actually know about China, if you've actually spent significant time in China, if you're a real China expert, you're not allowed in the Western media.

But if you're an anti China activist who has been wrong about everything, then you're considered a China expert in the West.

And the same thing is true of Cuba and Venezuela and Iran and certainly North Korea.

I mean, there are no standards on these official enemies of the west in the Western media.

And before I conclude here, I want to talk about one other case that perfectly illustrates Western hypocrisy on all of this.

And how if you say things criticizing official enemies like China, you are celebrated by the Western media.

But as soon as you get off script, then suddenly you are cast out, you're thrown under the bus, you're ignored.

The perfect example of this is, is the Chinese artist AI Weiwei.

Now in the 2000 and tens, AI was constantly praised in the Western media as a brave dissident artist who was standing up to the Communist Party and was a brave pro democracy activist.

However, in the past few years, you almost never hear about AI Weiwei in the Western media anymore.

Very rarely.

And that's because he's become a critic now of Western governments as well.

I mean, he's still not pro Chinese government, but he spent over a decade living in the west, including in Germany and other Western countries, and also spent a lot of time in the us and he realized that many of the accusations that China had made about the west were actually true.

And he realized that the west is extremely hypocritical and, and extremely oppressive and even authoritarian.

The Western so called democracies are actually authoritarian.

And there was a rare interview that Reuters published with AI Weiwei this January 2026 titled AI Weiwei says West Lacks Moral Authority to Criticize Beijing on rights.

This article noted that I, the Chinese dissident, had previously said that Western countries should condemn human rights in China.

But this is what AI says now, quote, today I changed my mind completely.

The west is not even in a position to accuse China.

They must just check their own record of what they did in international human rights, their freedom of speech record, end quote.

In particular, I mentioned the case of Julian Assange and the Australian journalist and publisher of WikiLeaks who was imprisoned by the US for years based on fake charges.

He was tortured and held in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day, which according to international law, meets the definition of torture.

So the US government tortured him and carried out all these horrific atrocities against Julian Assange for the so called crime of doing journalism.

This is what the west actually represents.

The west is extremely authoritarian.

It doesn't care about democracy or freedom of speech or freedom of the press at all.

As soon as a journalist actually is a threat to Western imperialism, Western governments imprison them and torture them like they did to Assange.

And in addition to the treatment of Assange, what was really eye opening to AI Weiwei is when he started speaking out in support of Palestinians criticizing Israel.

And then suddenly I was blacklisted all across the Western media.

He did an interview with the independent left wing media outlet Democracy now in which he said this very clearly, that Western governments and media outlets loved him when he was focusing on criticizing China.

But as soon as he started speaking out in support of Palestinian human rights and, and condemning the horrific atrocities that Western governments support that Israel has carried out, suddenly his art shows were being canceled and he was censored and blacklisted.

And that's why earlier this year, AI Weiwei took a trip back to China.

It was the first time he had visited China in more than a decade.

And he did not face any persecution.

The Chinese government did not imprison him.

They allowed him to visit his family without any repression.

And he did an interview with the Guardian and the Guardian, which you know, is an extremely anti China newspaper, it asked him if he was scared about going back to China.

And he said, no, I'm not scared.

He pointed out the hypocrisy of Western governments.

And he said that Western governments portrayed China as a dystopian surveillance state in a police state.

But this is what I, Weiwei said, quote, I feel the same kind of surveillance, same kind of censorship in the west, end quote.

He said his attitude toward China has shifted dramatically.

He said China is on an upward phase.

They have massive technological improvements.

China is actually improving its personal freedoms, he said, while the west is becoming more authoritarian.

So he said the west can no longer sustain its own logic.

It, it has lost all ethical authority, even if it ever had any in the first place, which I would dispute.

But this is what he's saying.

He said the west had ethical authority and has lost it and has, quote, descended into something Barely recognizable.

End quote.

So this is what happens when these so called dissidents from official enemy countries suddenly start condemning the hypocrisy of the West.

They're blacklisted, they're censored.

And what this shows that the west does not actually care about human rights or democracy or any of that propagandistic nonsense.

Western imperialist countries simply want to use these so called dissidents as puppets, as tools in order to support their imperialist foreign policy interests to destabilize official enemies like China and Venezuela and and Cuba and Iran.

But as soon as these dissidents get off script, they're thrown under the bus, they're abandoned.

Meanwhile, they often have massive skeletons in their closets.

These grifters are often extremely corrupt and not only are they spreading lies and disinformation and brainwashing people, but in the case of Miles Guo, this billionaire Chinese so called dissident, he stole up to $1 billion according to the U.S. department of Justice.

So what about the victims of these grifters?

Because at the end of the day, the US government and US corporate media outlets are also complicit in these crimes committed by these grifters.

Because the US government and US media outlets supported these criminals from for years and years doing propaganda in support of them all in order to demonize official enemy countries.

So from now on, when you hear these outlandish claims made by so called dissidents from China or whatever country, you should always be skeptical and always demand extraordinary evidence for extraordinary claims.

This is true for anyone.

Anytime someone makes an extraordinary claim, they need extraordinary evidence.

But especially when there's a massive financial incentive for these grifters to portray themselves as brave truth telling dissidents and become rich celebrities by making up all kinds of nonsensical claims, it's always good to be very skeptical.

On that note, I'm going to conclude.

I am Ben Norton.

I am the editor in chief of Geopolitical Economy Report.

I want to thank everyone for joining me today.

Please like and subscribe.

Please share this I will see you all next time.

